---
layout: post
title:  Los Chigones in Colorado Mills Mall
author: Amanda Lucy
categories: [ Jekyll, tutorial ]
image: 
---
Hello, and welcome to my first restaurant review!  I'm already straying from my theme of featuring restaurants from the Denver Passbook, however, several of Troy Guard's restaurants have been featured over the years.  Los Chigones, one of Troy Guard's super-successful restaurants in the Denver area, recently opened a new location in the Colorado Mills Mall.  The first location in Downtown Denver opened to great reviews, and as a lover of Troy Guard's restaurants in general, I've been hankering to visit for a long time.  However, the Denver location is not very convenient to me, being neither close to my home nor particularly close to the Denver performing arts scene, when I so frequently find myself needing a bit to eat.  Luckily, this new location, which took over the old California Pizza Kitchen space at the Colorado Mills Mall in Lakewood/Golden, is convenient enough for me and my husband to stop in for a snack or a meal anytime we'd like.  We finally had a chance to give it a try one Saturday afternoon, January 12th, 2019.  

We did not have a reservation, but I had heard this was a larger location than most Los Chigones, so we stopped in hoping to be seated.  We were seated, at our request, at a high top in the bar (I love the high tops--so comfortable for some reason).  The dining room looked a bit small, with comfortable booths and other seating options, as well as an upstairs (which was not open when we were there).  The bar area was quite ample in size, offering high tops and family style tables; and at 1:00 in the early afternoon the music was not too loud.  Large TVs were placed such that every person in the room could watch the game or show of choice.  I imagine the super bowl last weekend drew quite a crowd, given the perfect environment to experience such an event.

The seating attendant, server, and bar tender were quite pleasant and helpful; since this was our first time at the joint, we had lots of questions about the menu.  This Mexican haunt was bright and cheery, with a large mural seeming to depict the "Day of the Dead", and a menu with many cocktails and street food-type options from which to choose.  Our first order of business was exploring the margarita choices.  They offer standard margarita choices, which can be made into my preferred "coin style" or "skinny", and all of them can be ordered in a carafe, if you intend to spend a while there with friends.  The standard margaritas include OJ in the drink; coin-style  are made with Citronage and agave, and the skinny is made only with he tequila and agave, according to the menu.  My husband and I talked to the server, and explained that we love the tartness of the coin-style, and discovered that we could choose our tequila and have the drink provided in a carafe.  We ordered Don Julio Repasado, coin-style, in a carafe.  The drink that came was quite satisfying--tart and strong (don't you hate it when you order a margarita only to find that it tastes more like Kool-Aide than anything else?  When I get a drink like that, I can actually feel the sugar enter my bloodstream--no thank you!).  When delivered without a straw, as is common today in Denver restaurants, a paper one was provided with no question, at my request.  Hmmm.  I guess I'll abide the paper in favor of the safety of the sea-life, but they do get so soggy after a while.  I guess I don't drink quickly enough :).  

We found many choices of salsas, which we could purchase individually, or make our own sampler.  We chose a sampler of three:  Pineapple Chipotle, Roasted Arbol, and Habenero.  We asked about spice level (we both like our food on the spicier side), and were warned about the habanero salsa.  My thought was that when I ordered my smothered chimichanga, I would want to increase the heat level of the green chile with the habenero salsa.  I find that in most places in Denver, there are very few that offer and serve very spicy food, and I LOVE a place that offers it as a choice, at least.  Frankly, all three salsas were quite spicy; I'm sure there are one or two on the menu that would be more mild for those who prefer, but I was in heaven with our choices. The pineapple chipotle was the perfect combination of sweet and smoky.  The arbol had a nice roasted accent, and the habenero's heat level did not disappoint.  Also, the guacamole was bright and fresh, but had very large chunks of avacado, which I decided to mash up a bit more with my own fork. 

Their menu is strong on tacos, but also offers other items like enchiladas and burritos, smothered or not.  You can "chimi" any burrito by having it fried.  My husband and I chose to split a smothered chicken chimi with fajita veggies.  The burritos come with rice and beans inside, which I have never understood.  Why burden an already starchy tortilla dish by putting rice inside of it?  Luckily, I've learned to ask this question, "are the beans and rice inside the tortilla, or on the side"?  Although their standard preparation is to put the rice and beans inside, they were more than happy to provide them on the side.  The meal was delish.  I was glad to have the pop of habenaro salsa and some guac to put on each chimi bite.  Although the tortilla was a bit soggy inside (perhaps needed to be fried harder), the flavors were wonderful.  

Los Chigones likes to offer their chocolate chip sesame cookies at the end of the meal.  We were told that we got the last two!  Yay for us!  They were the perfect (free) sweet bite to end the meal.

We loved Los Chigones at the Mills Mall.  The space, the people, the atmosphere, the food.  We will be back often.     