---
layout: post
title:  Who is Amanda Lucy and why does she care about the Denver Restaurant Scene?
author: Amanda Lucy
categories:
featured: true
hidden: true
---

Amanda Lucy has been interested in baking, and later, cooking, since a young age.  As a teenager, she used to make all of the desserts for her family of five, and sometimes other meals.  She also has always been interested in foreign travel, making several visits to Montreal and Quebec while at college in Northern NY State, and also studying overseas in London, England and Caen, France.  Whenever on travel, Amanda Lucy studies the local restaurant offerings, carefully researching and coordinating where she and her travel companions should spend their time and money.  

As a middle-aged adult, she is now a foodie and well-versed in wine and cocktails, and has never stopped traveling.  Her passion is creating and consuming good food; she cooks at home for her family, frequently trying new techniques and recipes.  She is most adept at modifying recipes to her and her guests' tastes, but is working toward one day being talented at creating her own dishes.  She is drawn to the fine restaurant scene, but is always up for finding the more casual venues that have something unique and delicious to offer; and there are many of both in the Denver area!

In addition to travel and good food, Amanda Lucy's interests include the performing arts.  Denver has a lush performing arts scene, and one of Amanda Lucy's favorite things to do is to combine dinner and a show.  When her two sons were performing with the Colorado Children's Chorale, Amanda Lucy had many occasions to choose a restaurant in a variety of locations across Denver (based on where a rehearsal or dress rehearsal may be taking place) to enjoy during the rehearsal time; most frequently this was at the Denver Center for Performing Arts (DCPA) right downtown.  As a many-year subscriber of the Colorado Symphony with her mother, Amanda Lucy also has had almost weekly occasions to choose a restaurant near DCPA with her mother to enjoy before a performance.  As a result, Amanda Lucy's knowledge of the Denver restaurant scene is pretty thorough, and she is excited to share her experiences with others. 

Look to Amanda Lucy for menu summaries, ambiance, any uniqueness about a venue, wine guidance, and some of her own thoughts on food choices and pairings.  She hopes this can become an exchange, and welcomes the thoughts and feedback of others regarding their own experiences.